feat: add rounded border variant for cc ads (#10)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-card: demo/banner-demo.md

> 

Reviewer: Why the extra lines?

```
</auro-accordion>

## RoundedBorder

> The following example illustrates a `auro-banner` custom element with the `rounderBorder` template style. With this configuration, no displayImage is used.  Instead only the contentImage is used and the rest of the offer is displayed in a row.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates a `auro-banner` custom element with the `roundedBorder` variant style. With this configuration, no `displayImage` is used.  Instead only the `contentImage` is used and the rest of the offer is displayed in a row.  
```
